Question 1:
Define Object Oriented Programming Language?
Object-oriented programming (OOP) refers to a type of computer programming (software design) in which programmers define the data type of a data structure, and also the types of operations (functions) that can be applied to the data structure.

In this way, the data structure becomes an object that includes both data and functions. In addition, programmers can create relationships between one object and another. For example, objects can inherit characteristics from other objects.
Question 2:
List down the Benefits of OOP?
One of the principal advantages of object-oriented programming techniques over procedural programming techniques is that they enable programmers to create modules that do not need to be changed when a new type of object is added. A programmer can simply create a new object that inherits many of its features from existing objects.
 This makes object-oriented programs easier to modify.
Question 3:
Differentiate between function and method?
A function is a piece of code that is called by name. It can be passed data to operate on (i.e. the parameters) and can optionally return data (the return value).
 All data that is passed to a function is explicitly passed. A method is a piece of code that is called by a name that is associated with an object.
A method in object-oriented programming (OOP) is a procedure associated with a message and an object. .
.. This allows the sending objects to invoke behaviors and to delegate the implementation of those behaviors to the receiving object.
Question 4:
Define the following terms:
1. Class
2. Object
3. Attribute
4. Behavior
ans:a class is an extensible program-code-template for creating objects, providing initial values for state (member variables) and implementations of behavior (member functions or methods).In many languages, the class name is used as the name for the class (the template itself), the name for the default constructor of the class (a subroutine that creates objects), and as the type of objects generated by instantiating the class; 
these distinct concepts are easily conflated.
objects are the things you think about first in designing a program and they are also the units of code that are eventually derived from the process. ..
. Each object is an instance of a particular class or subclass with the class's own methods or procedures and data variables.
an attribute is a changeable property or characteristic of some component of a program that can be set to different values. 
In the Hypertext Markup Language (HTML), an attribute is a characteristic of a page element, such as a font.
A behavioral application consists of threads of behavior each of which represents an independent scenario that the system should and shouldn't follow.
